---
layout: post
title: Programme 2016-2017
description: This year's programme has a mixture of Workshops and Focus points, you should definitely bring along your camera to every meeting...
date: 2015-09-01
author: Graham Welsby
img: /assets/img/12.jpg
---

This year’s program has a mixture of Workshops and Focus points, you should definitely bring along your camera to every meeting. There are a varied range of aspects and techniques to practise. We are again setting out the entire Year’s Competitions. That is for both Monthly and Quarterly, plenty of time to practise.

You’ll also notice that this does seem to be a very long season. And yes that is correct. The aim of this ‘extended’ season is to bring the club’s programme in-line with the AGM/Financial year end etc.

 
<br>

#### Workshops / Focus Points

<br>



* 25th September 2016

__Open Session__ – here is no competition with this meeting, we want you to bring along 2 of your best photos, so we can see what you like to photograph, as well as having a discussion on how and why you took them. This can be anything you want, and edited how you want.


* 31st October 2016

__Image Sharpness__ – We will be having a discussion on how to find the ‘Sweet Spot’ on your lens to get the sharpest results. We’ll talk about a rule of thumb, and how to test this out yourself. Bring your Cameras and we’ll give it a go as well.

* 28th November 2016

__Guest Speaker__ – We have arranged for Van Greaves FRPS to provide us with a talk. Van has several books of photographs published that include “Moods of Shropshire & The Marches” and “Worcestershire & Elgar Country”. It is understood that he will make an ‘Audio Visual’ presentation of about 30 to 40 minutes followed by a Q & A session.


* 30th January 2017

__Photoshop Demo__ – We will be taking another look with a software demo for one tool in particular. For this demo we will concentrate on ‘Cloning’ and how to tidy up your images if you feel the need to.


* 27th February 2017

__Seeing the Light__ – Ever looked what light source will be lighting your image and where it’s coming from? This is something everyone should consider before pressing the shutter. We will be discussing light in general to help you decide composition and image angle.

* 27th March 2017

__Shutter Speed__ – TBring your cameras to this workshop. We will be discussing shutter speed in general, as well as what to look for before setting your speed and what to be aware of to eliminate and reduce image blurring.

* 24th April 2017

__Your Photographic Mind__ – To make an image stand out, you really have to think before hitting the shutter button. We will be going through a mental check list that you should go through to help make your snapshots in to amazing images.

* 22nd May 2017 (due to Bank Holiday).

__Fill The Frame__ – Another important composition rule that we don’t tend to see a lot of. Our discussion will cover why and when you should fill the frame, as well as another reminder on cropping in post.

* 26th June 2017

__TRIP OUT - TBA__ – As it’s summer (possibly debatable), we thought we would get out and about. Location has not been set as yet, but when we know - you’ll know.

* 31st July 2017

__Panoramic__– This discussion speaks for itself. BUT do bring your camera, you will be snapping away in the evening, and going home to stitch together.

* 25th September 2017

__Composition__– We have had several presentations on this in the past, so this is more of a refresher and helpful hints of new comers. Delving into possibly one or two in a little more depth. As well as discussing the use of Cropping in post edits to achieve better images.

* 30th October 2017

__Portraits__– Back by popular demand, we will hopefully arrange a couple of models for us to photograph, but prior to this, we will have a brief discussion on posing, including ideas for groups. We’ll also briefly discuss reflectors and off camera flash.

* 27th November 2017

__Open Session__– We will be having another ‘Open Night’ where members are asked to bring along 2 of their best images, whatever you want, edited how you like. This time we will use this as an additional competition - and spend time talking about their images.

* 29th January 2018

__Water Droplets__– We will be showing you the basic equipment you’ll need to set up your own mini studio to photograph water droplets. The images taken will be shown - warts ’n all, so you can see that these things take time and practice. We’ll also get a few of you to have a go.



<br>
<br>




#### CLUB COMPETITIONS...
<br>

#### Quarterly Competition.

(Crop to be no larger than A4)

* October - Autumn
* January - Umbrellas
* April - Tracks
* July - Shadows &amp; Silhouettes
* October - Solitude
* January - Dotty &amp;


<br>

#### Monthly Competitions.

(Crop to be no larger than 7x5)

* September &apos;16  -   No Competition
* October &apos;16  -  Movement
* November &apos;16  -  Minimalist
* January &apos;17  -  Objects from the Shed
* February &apos;17  -  Mists
* March &apos;17  -  Hallways
* April &apos;17  -  Glass
* May &apos;17  -  Flora &amp; Fauna
* June &apos;17  -  Abandoned Buildings
* July &apos;17  -  A Local Spot
* September &apos;17  -  Get Closer (Not Macro)
* October &apos;17  -  Non Flowering Plants
* November &apos;17  -  Curves
* January &apos;18  -  Look Up


<br>

Any questions on anything regarding this year's programme, please click either of the following...

<a href="mailto:grahamwelsby@gmail.com">Graham Welsby - Chairman</a>
<br>
<a href="mailto:john.horton4@btinternet.com">John Horton - Club Secretary</a>


