---
layout: post
title: Programme 2019-2020
description: There is a FULL programme this season. Bring your camera to every session as there may be opportunity to go out and practice...
date: 2018-11-07
author: Graham Welsby
img: /assets/img/12.jpg
---

There is a FULL programme this season. Bring your camera to every session as there may be opportunity to go out and practice. We are moving up to be a little more advanced however don't be put off, we will help you through it all.

 
<br>

#### __Workshops / Focus Points__

<br>



* 25th February 2019

__Composition__  – We have looked at this subject a number of times, however we will be looking at some intermediate techniques to help take you to the next level.


* 25th March 2019

__Architectural Photography__ – This will be a brief guide to the world of Architectural Photography. The how, what &amp; when, techniques on how to get better images, as well as compositional gains. 

* 29th April 2019

__5 ways to make more impact with your photos__ – we will go through 5 practical tips to make more impact with your images. These simple tips will help improve your images.


* 20th May 2019 (due to Bank Holiday)

__Panoramic Images__ – If you have seen these images, we will discuss the simplest way to make these images. From taking the images, and stitching them together.


* 24th June 2019

__Flash in the Day__ – Off camera flash, and how to use it during the day. This is a great technique to master to get some amazing images.

* 29th July 2019

__Metering Modes__ – What are they, when and why would you use them? 

* 30th September 2019

__Light Trails__ – How to produce Light Trails. Long exposure techniques to produce great looking light trails. Where to do it and how.

* 28th October 2019

__Beach Scenes__ – Beach scenes and waves, compositions you could get, cheats and tips to get some great images to put on your walls.

* 25th November 2019

__Photography Goals__ – We will discuss your goals and what to set to help you improve your photography. It's important to set goals to aim for. We will all set our selves a goal and discuss in a few months to see how we are getting on.

* 27th January 2020

__Using Window Light__– Using the simplest of tools to get amazing results, how to get the best from the window.


<br>
<br>

#### CLUB COMPETITIONS...
<br>

#### Quarterly Competition.

(Crop to be no larger than A4)

* April - Canals &amp; Waterways
* July - Transport
* October - Historical Ruins
* January - Personal Projects (Open any subject)


<br>

#### Monthly Competitions.

(Crop to be no larger than 7x5)

* February - Monochrome
* March - Snow
* April - Abstract - What ever you want
* May - Market Day
* June - In Uniform
* July - Street Photography
* September - Lines
* October - Light Trails
* November - Mountain &amp; Hills
* January - Splashes


<br>

#### Lancaster Memorial.
(Crop to be no larger than A4)

* November 18 - Woodlands.

<br>

Any questions on anything regarding this year's programme, please click either of the following...

<a href="mailto:grahamwelsby@gmail.com">Graham Welsby - Chairman</a>
<br>
<a href="mailto:john.horton4@btinternet.com">John Horton - Club Secretary</a>


