---
layout: post
title: Programme 2018-2019
description: We have a lot going on this year. Do bring your camera to every meeting, read through the below... this will be updated throughout the year.
date: 2018-02-01
author: Graham Welsby
img: /assets/img/12.jpg
published: true
---

We have a lot going on this year. We have a mixture of Workshops and Focus Points, but all with practices you will be able to do. 

You will need to bring your camera's along with you, just in case we try out things from the focus points.

We will also be hosting some mini break out sessions - these are specifically set out to beginners who want to learn a little more about the jargon and techniques. These are planned to be held BEFORE the normal meetings at 7 pm. These will be short Focus Points, but please bring your camera's so we can ensure you know how to change your settings.

 
<br>

#### __Workshops / Focus Points__

<br>



* 26th February 2018

__Open Session__  – This is an open session specifically about *Composition*. We want to hear what you know, and what you'd like to know. What do you struggle with, and what would you like to see more of should we sort out a Focus Point / Workshop on this subject as we've covered this quite a few times.


* 26th March 2018

__Understanding Exposure__ – A quick Focus Point on what to think about in both settings and mood. Then get your camera's out and get practicing. 

* 30th April 2018

__Focal Lock__ – It may be something some of you may not use, but it can be handy. We will be discussing the Use of the focal lock, and when you can use this to your advantage.


* 21st May 2018 (due to Bank Holiday)

__The Sea__ – There are so many way's and places to capture this beast. You can create stunning images by using some of these techniques, but do you know any of them. We will run through several different ways to get a stunning sea scape.


* 25th June 2018

__Pay attention to the background__ – Listening to what your photography brain makes the difference between a good photo and a bad one. We are going to be discussing Depth of field. How to make your images stand out from everyone else's.

* 30th July 2018

__EVENING OUT__ – Yes we will be taking the meeting out on the Road again. Last years trip out to Bridgnorth was a huge success, and we'd like to do this again. Please let us know suggestions where to meet. <strong>CONFIRMATION</strong> - We will be meeting in Shrewsbury.

* 24th September 2018

__Guest Speaker__ – We have not had that many guest speakers, but as the last couple have been received well, we are on the look out to get another in. Keep an eye on your emails to find out who and what will be presenting to us!

* 29th October 2018

__Fireworks__ – Something we haven't covered in a while, so just before they all go off, we thought we would discuss some of the techniques that you can use to improve the success rate of your images.

* 26th November 2018

__Sports Photography__ – Please don't be put off by the title. Although we will be discussing sports photography, we will be discussing the techniques used by these photographers, and delve into the more technical aspects that can be used in your normal day to day images.

* 28th January 2019

__Change *YOUR* Perspective__– The title speaks for itself. BUT do bring your camera, you will be snapping some shots during the evening.


<br>
<br>

<br>

#### __Break Out Sessions for Beginners__

<br>

These sessions will be hosted *Before* the club meetings and started at 7PM.
The programme is still in progress, but we will be starting a list shortly.

They are targeted at beginners who are unsure of the jargon and technical basics of photography and their cameras. If you are unsure, or simply want a little refresher on the basics. Please come along.

* 26th February 2018

__Shutter Speed__  – We will run through what shutter speed is, how to use it, and when to use this to your advantage to improve your images.

<br>
<br>


#### CLUB COMPETITIONS...
<br>

#### Quarterly Competition.

(Crop to be no larger than A4)

* April - Any part of a Car - Not the whole car.
* July - Bridges
* October - Circles
* January - City Skylines


<br>

#### Monthly Competitions.

(Crop to be no larger than 7x5)

* February - Hands
* March - Humor
* April - Communication
* May - Go Green
* June - Beautiful Blur (Depth of Field)
* July - Grain
* September - Seasonal Showers & Inclement Weather
* October - Threes in Nature
* November - Broken Glass
* January - Graffiti


<br>

#### Lancaster Memorial.
(Crop to be no larger than A4)

* November 18 - Joints.

<br>

Any questions on anything regarding this year's programme, please click either of the following...

<a href="mailto:grahamwelsby@gmail.com">Graham Welsby - Chairman</a>
<br>
<a href="mailto:john.horton4@btinternet.com">John Horton - Club Secretary</a>


