---
layout: post
title: Programme 2020
description: This is another FULL Programme this year. Make sure you bring your camera with you as we have lots of workshops.
date: 2019-11-15
author: Graham Welsby
img: /assets/img/12.jpg
publish: true
---

There are a lot of practical workshops this year. We have added more practical sessions this year so you can put into practice all the theory we have discussed over the last few years programmes. Make sure you bring your camera with you for all the sessions as some may have an opportunity to practice also.

 
<br>

#### __Workshops / Focus Points__

<br>

* 27th January 2020

__Using Window Light__– Using the simplest of tools to get amazing results, how to get the best from the window.

* 24th February 2020

__Astro Photogrpahy__  – This is a special subject which may need special equipment. We may have a special guest to give us a few tips and tricks.


* 30th March 2020

__Macro / Close Ups__ – We get up close and personal and discuss Macro and Close up photography, equipment and techniques. 

* 27th April 2020

__Flowers &amp; Droplets__ – This is one of the first of the years workshops. Bring along your cameras so we can take loads of photos.


* 18th May 2019 (due to Bank Holiday)

__Panning__ – We have done this before, but it's still worth discussing this again. Bring your camera just in case we are able to put the theory in to practice.


* 29th June 2020

__Focusing__ – Another workshop this year, where we will be learning about depth of field, useful tips and tricks but more so practice.

* 27th July 2020

__Making the ordinary extraordinary__ – Can you, what to look out for, what techniques to use to make your normal images amazing.

* 28th September 2020

__Interior Lighting__ – How to make sure that your images always have the right colours even when there are different lights inside.

* 26th October 2020

__Fire, Flames &amp; Combustibles__ – We will be looking at all things on fire or bursting. This should be an exiting presentation.

* 30th November 2020

__Oil &amp; Water__ –  The last of the years workshops where we will be trying out the techniques that you can take home and try again.


<br>
<br>

#### CLUB COMPETITIONS...
<br>

#### Quarterly Competition.

(Crop to be no larger than A4)

* April - Macro / Close Ups
* July - Beaches &amp; Sea Scapes
* October - Feet, Hooves, Claws &amp; Paws

<br>

#### Monthly Competitions.

(Crop to be no larger than 7x5)

* February - Winter
* March - Working Hands
* April - Wild &amp; Free (Animals - not pets or in captivity)
* May - Showers
* June - WWII
* July - Wings
* September - Hats
* October - Urban
* November - Motion

<br>

#### Lancaster Memorial.
(Crop to be no larger than A4)

* November - Candles

<br>

Any questions on anything regarding this year's programme, please click either of the following...

<a href="mailto:grahamwelsby@gmail.com">Graham Welsby - Chairman</a>
<br>
<a href="mailto:john.horton4@btinternet.com">John Horton - Club Secretary</a>


